Add `#Preview` and `@Test` traits for overriding dependencies (#274)
pointfreeco/swift-dependencies: README.md

bit of upfront work done you can start to take advantage of the library's powers.

For example, you can easily control these dependencies in tests. If you want to test the logic

> inside the `addButtonTapped` method, you can use the `.dependency` test trait

Author: - [ ] Remove reference

> inside the `addButtonTapped` method, you can use the `.dependency` test trait
> to override any dependencies for the scope of one single test. It's as easy as 1-2-3:

Author: ```suggestion
inside the `addButtonTapped` method, you can use the [`withDependencies`][withdependencies-docs]
function to override any dependencies for the scope of one single test. It's as easy as 1-2-3:
```
